[Music]
hello
welcome back to another video we are in
manchester rifle and we're flying to
spain today
i've not started here just because you
can't hear me so well you know i've got
this off but obviously i'm going to have
this on
the entire time like through the airport
and then on the flight
also we're on the new camera so it might
be a bit different
[Music]
does he bleed the skin
so we have landed we've been here like
an hour and a half actually and we got
kind of done over
by a car hire company yeah
they took their money out the bank
account as well we went to collect the
car and stuff
and the booking was there and um they
were just like oh the car's not
available but we could see
the car like we're just so confused and
it was
ridiculous so yeah we just we've just
organized something else but it is such
a lovely day here it's really sunny it's
lovely and warm but it's not like
sticky heat like it's not like dubai
heat or anything which is nice and it's
like the perfect temperature
so like overall it was really it was
pretty seamless wasn't it like
flight and everything but mainly because
obviously the uk changed
the restrictions like on the quarantine
continuing for two weeks like when you
arrived back in the uk so
i have a feeling that's why the flight
was so empty but like the airport were
it was all pretty like normal wasn't it
socialistic
but going in was about insecurity
yeah yeah they seem to be like putting
um like more sort of measures in i have
noticed
um but that was yeah that was about it
really like it's been
pretty easy i felt like at ease like i
wasn't sort of like worried at all
i've just the only time taking my mask
off is now they are pretty uncomfortable
aren't you but
just one of those things yeah that's
pretty much like
all to report on the uk travel
restrictions and stuff like that
so we are in the higher car that
honestly took
so long it took actual hours to sort
that out
no we had a nightmare to be honest that
and that's about
three hours to get everything sorted we
just got completely bugged off
now we're just finding the supermarket
and we're just gonna get some like
little bits because it's
obviously like nothing and i feel very
hungry right now so
that's what we're gonna do we have just
arrived
in the villa we've just impacted some of
our food stuff before we even unpack
we're just going to get
up and out and on a quick run so that we
don't avoid
you know actually not getting it done
that is a little plan i'll show you what
i got from tuesday night as well
so i brought just like some random bits
like of course i have to bring a little
crystal how funny is this i really hope
i don't break it or anything
just obviously like all my little
jewelry array
camera charges stuff and then i've only
brought two books
that if i run out of reading stuff i can
just listen to my audio book
but yeah i got um the chimp paradox i've
been dying to read this for ages mason's
already read this one
and i've seen so many reviews that it's
been out of stock for a while and then i
also got
stillness is the key by round holiday i
brought my straw of course
i usually drink my coffee out of there
so i had to bring that along
and then loads of masks so we're going
to need these
these are like you've got to wear them
absolutely everywhere in spain by the
sides of things
and then three pairs of shades the first
time i actually
got ones uh with a chain well i bought
the train separate
so that they don't fall off my face i
don't know why i'm showing you this but
i like to see stuff like that sweetheart
so today's pre-workout is strawberry and
lime flavor
this is the higher car thing that we
ended up with we had honestly such a
nightmare yesterday trying to sort of
set
it's boiling in here oh my god
[Music]
hello so it is our first morning
waking up in spain and we have found a
gym that is open
yeah this one is apparently like there's
not really many people there so that is
where we're heading
and now it is the most gorgeous day like
blue skies
i think i'm gonna train legs today so
this will be the first time
like actually being back in a gym in
like how many months
four four months or something like that
um so i'm really excited actually yeah
we're just gonna check the place out
first like before
doing anything last night we what did we
do i didn't really vlog anything cause
we didn't do anything we just
we got in quite a run down this mountain
thinking oh this is not too bad lovely
and then realizing we have to go
back up the mountain and that was a
tough part yeah yeah so we ran down to
there's like a beach down at the bottom
it's so nice
but it was pitch black when we got there
anyway we like ran up the hill as well
which was so intense
uh but really really good and a good
little start anyway because when we got
to the villa we're like oh god we're
coming
could we so yeah we've got a pre-workout
i'll just take you along
with us
[Music]
oh my god that is our first gym gym
session
gym session that was so good wasn't it
nice literally like
oh i feel like i've got like a massive
buzz off doing that but yeah just like
clean the equipment before and like
after using stuff and it was pretty much
fine but i got such a good
lower body workout in i could have just
kept going and going to the fair
so good absolutely yeah i'm so sweaty
there was no aircon in there so it was
just like
we're just heading to get some brunch at
like one of my all-time favorite spots
we had a protein note this morning
i just packed my protein in my suitcase
this menu is like
super fresh and healthy stuff probably
like my favorite
spots here and it's got a really nice
control show
hey this is like a berry smoothie i
think
did you get an immunity one way it's the
green chia seed
they're really small but they do look
more proliant
i just thought i would show you what we
just picked up from
the food shop we went to the massey mass
and was yesterday we just went to like
a smaller supermarket where there wasn't
as much options but we couldn't find any
like almond
unsweetened milk but obviously because
we're saying a villa
we're just we'll be cooking like quite a
lot of the times we just got this
oat milk unsweetened zero sugar
like the almond and then i just picked
up this
protein cottage cheese by arla i haven't
actually seen this before
uh mason got hella cottage cheese
he is obsessed you guys probably already
seen that on some of my food hauls
and again there wasn't much like zero
percent fat
uh like lower sugar as well options so i
just got managed to find these little
pots of
yogurt which is great i think that's
just like natural and then i picked up
some frozen bags of blueberries just two
little ones
some mixed berries again like to put
them out it's like i'm just keeping
everything
as similar as home because i know we're
gonna be here like a couple of weeks
got some gazpacho like just natural
juice absolutely love this
then just some stuff for the washing
machine to wash our
clothes over here we just picked up
loads of stuff because the fridge is
completely empty so i thought this will
last us a couple of weeks over so mainly
just some chicken
and we've got these like barbecue
chicken stuff which i thought would be
really cool too
packed well now we've got three packs
sorry of those then
just some like lower fat little burger
things um they had so much like choice
to be fair i was really impressed
and then just some like steaks here some
more
seasoned chicken there quite a lot of
meat and then i got
a huge bunch of massive avocados these
are all right
i'm just gonna make some intersect some
hummus some beetroot
managed to find these like little
sandwich thins which we're so happy to
see
and then these little white pita breads
and then i just thought i'd try some of
this chocolate
which is spanish brand i just got 72
check out and then some cacao with
orange for my oats and stuff
and then just these little rice pots
these just go in the microwave i just
sort of keep things
nice and simple so it's some frozen
spinach for like smoothies and stuff
some more chicken kebabs got so many of
those some coffee cups actually as well
my dad didn't have any
um yeah more like basmati rice a bit of
a mixture i think that's pretty much
everything
just some mustard sauce of course like
this is one of my go-to
a huge watermelon over there so yeah
that's pretty much
going to last us i thought i'd try this
like hazelnut milk
which looks really really nice like i've
never tried that before and i love
almonds so
yeah so i just thought i'd pop the
camera on
whilst i finished getting ready we're
going to
this new restaurant by the way i'm half
doing makeup that's why i look like
crazy right now blotch throughout i just
need to blend this in in a sec
i actually sat in the bathroom with this
window open
just thought i just properly here anyway
today's been really nice we just had
like a chill day
had to catch up on a little bit of work
so i just put it off like the past few
days when i go to this
gorgeous like seafood i think restaurant
that i've seen it had so many good
reviews i was like oh
we'll have to go there and it's in it's
like got a really nice viewpoint so i
just thought that would be a good little
shout out
so that's the plan this evening i
haven't even sat out in the sun yet like
what is going on
i just can't wait to like once i've got
on top of work and stuff
i can just sit down with a book but like
i knew that other situation
because i'm gonna have to continue
obviously still working and everything
whilst i'm away like it's not like a
complete holiday if you know what i mean
so i just wanted to chit chat to you
about the gym
today which i still feel like i'm on a
complete enough to high
it was so nice to be back like oh it's
been so long and i just got the best
session in
i probably was in and out within 45
minutes and i did like six movements
which i normally do about
five i was just literally in the zone i
just wanted to carry on going and going
i just wanted to put out like a few
little tips that i feel like would be
useful if you're also like just going
back to it i'm
trying to do as well it's just like
don't go in there with the expectation
thinking that
don't wrap the weights on if you know
what i mean like just take things a
little bit easier
and you don't end up giving yourself
like the worst doms
so yes that's the first thing i would
say next is
make sure you've got like the best
playlist i put on a mix club today and i
got so hyped up
had the best workout that's like an
obvious like must do
the next thing is just pre-plan your
workout like that's just going to save
you so much time with that i reckon you
when you first go back into the gym
you're like
what did i used to do before and so yeah
having a little pre-plan
is really helpful whether that's on your
phone i'd probably say it best on your
phone rather than on some notes and
stuff just with like health and safety
and all of that at the minute
let me know in the comments how it's
been like your first few days back to
the gym
what how you found it like the whole
experience and everything
i'm hoping i'm not going to wear makeup
like the whole holiday really i just
want to let my skin breathe whilst we're
here
so i'm going to finish getting ready but
that was just what i wanted to say it
just came to my mind
this cute little view from where i'm sat
right now also so i've tried this new
foundation i got this the week before
last i think
and it's so so nice i got it in shade
sand and i just sort of took a wild
guess online like i didn't know what
my color was going to be and it is so so
good like it's such a nice finish before
i was using nars
sheer glow and yeah just thought i'd
mention that
[Music]
oh
how nice is this so just finished
our lovely dinner it's so nice i got
like a lobster dish
it was really nice but tiny portions but
we ate so much bread as well
so worked out quite well quite well
we didn't answer any bread they brought
us some bread and it's so
warm yeah wonderful it was so nice
wasn't it
so we're just walking we've got some
steps to do so i'm just gonna have a
little mooch one like the beach front
really peaceful and it's really quiet
actually so yeah pretty good day
i'm so happy that we went to the gym and
stuff
and so yeah guys i haven't actually
shown you like my dress but that is
because there isn't a full length mirror
and i could stand on the sink but i just
don't want it to break
so i'm just about to take off all my
makeup favorite time of the day and do
like my little skincare routine
i think i mentioned i'm using a whole
new like skincare brand that's been
doing so well for my skin if that makes
sense but let me know if you would like
to see that i don't know
if that would be something you'd be
interested in um
and yeah i'm gonna be doing a lot more
like vlogs whilst i'm away
but also still keeping on all my fitness
content and stuff so do let me know if
there's anything you would like to do
slippery snake in fact just on the way
back we saw this guy like
what was it it looked like a natural
snake like he had
anyway i'm going to finish up this vlog
here loads of
more content to come um but yeah like i
said just let me know in the comments
if you haven't already i'd love you to
stick around by subscribing and
liking this video and i'll see you in
the next one
you